Modify rule S6478: Adapt to LaYC (#2306)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6478/javascript/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> React components should not be nested, as their state will be lost on each re-render of their parent component, possibly introducing bugs. This will also impact performance as child components will be recreated unnecessarily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React components automatically re-render whenever there is a change in their state or props. This is not true for nested React components, as their state will be lost on each re-render of their parent component. This can cause unexpected behaviors. This will also impact performance as child components will be recreated unnecessarily.
```

Reviewer: As discussed, you can ignore this suggestion.

> If the goal is to have the state reset, use a `key` instead.

Author: the point i want to make is that nesting components will reset state, so you should not do that. if that is in fact the goal, use a 'key' field (instead of nesting the component)

> If the goal is to have the state reset, use a `key` instead.

Reviewer: 👍

> If the goal is to have the state reset, use a `key` instead.

Author: I expanded the sentence to make it clearer

  render() {
    return (
      <div>
        <OtherComponent />
      </div>
    );
  }
}
----

Component creation is allowed inside component props only if prop name starts with `render`. Make sure you are calling the prop in the receiving component and not using it as an element.

[source,javascript]
----
function OtherComponent(props) {
  return <div>{props.renderFooter()}</div>;
}

function Component() {
  return (
    <div>
      <OtherComponent renderFooter={() => <div />} />
    </div>
  );
}
----

== Resources

> * https://reactjs.org/docs/reconciliation.html#elements-of-different-types[Elements Of Different Types] - React documentation

Reviewer: The hyphen here is outside of the square brackets.

Author: ouch, good catch!
